My 2023 Goals
Adopt a strategic mindset.
I want to be able to be a more strategic thinker. Want to carve out time to think about my tasks, future goals. 

I have already scheduled 1 hour a month to take a step back and think of how I can modify my approach to technical and non-technical tasks to improve efficiency.

Immersing myself into NG culture

Being supportive to my fellow engineers. Recognizing others for their contributions. Embracing communication with others. Challenging myself to be more social and reach out to folks.

Learning new skills(s)

Technical examples: Ansible, AWS EC2, Kubernetes, Docker

Non-Technical examples: Creativity, Time Management, Communication

Teach others what I have learned

Put aside time each month to help others

Whenever there are times where you feel you can help others even if they don't ask for helps, reach out to them and assist them with the topics they are learning and working on





------------------------------------------------

January
1/1/23 - 1/4/23
Worked with DI-27 (DTO) team finishing up my sprint, regarding aqua scan capabilities for managed pipeline.
1/4/23 - 1/13/23
Learned about VCenter, VSphere, ESXI
Worked with Aaron to keep track of which VMs on VCenter need to be deleted, migrated to AWS, left alone ect..
Contacting individuals to determine the state of hundreds of VMs.
Created JADC2 Logo and learned Adobe Photoshop while doing it
1/16/23 - 1/19/23
On a new Team (Cyber under Strike)
Catching up on the content JoyLynn had given me
Studying and practicing WSUS
Understanding the scope of the effort and my role
1/23/23 - 1/27/23
Collaborating a lot with Jason Duong to identify the point of failure of their WSUS
Teaching Zaid about Jira
Building a new WSUS from scratch
Overcoming many roadblocks
1/30/23 - 2/2/23
1 on 1 meeting with Nathan F, James W
Uploading WSUS tutorials I created to teams folder
Deploying new WSUS template to Nexus
Creating a base template PPT for demo on Feb 2nd
Attended DevSecOps team social even happy hour hosted by Nathan Fuher
Creating this "Weekly Achievements" page on confluence to keep track of my progress each week.
Investigating KB3114833 WSUS update failure issue
Documenting WSUS Test History
February
2/6/23 - 2/10/23
Finished WSUS test documentation.
Onboarding new team member (Tony Mattiello)
Documenting high level overview of the Cyber Pipeline
Working on the Phase 2 demo PowerPoint
Bravo to our stars award for JADC-2 TAS support – February 2nd, 2023
2/13/23 - 2/16/23
Cleaned up vCenter test images.
Documented Base Template Upload vCenter procedure.
Clarified pipeline phases and VM naming conventions with Alex Vu
Made FAQ page for cyber pipeline.
Completed security training and submitted SF312 to ESSS
Completed Phase 2 PowerPoint
Completed Phase 2 Demo
2/20/23 - 2/24/23
Completed 3 hackthebox.com exercises to learn more about Cyber Security
Completed Cyber Pipeline Detailed Documentation
Completed WSUS Configuration Guide / Phase 2 documentation.
Investigated Nexus Tagging for our export deliverables.
Started implementing the automation of exporting the Phase 2 WSUS with the pipeline. 
Had a meeting with our team where we discussed how we can approve the way we assign tasks and keep track of work.  I suggested to have Jira ticket planning meeting every Tuesday and I created a table in our Cyber Pipeline confluence folder where we can keep track of which tasks have been completed each week.
Learned how to use Zenmap and NMap.
2/27/23 - 3/3/23
Completed Versioning implementation on our GitLab runner for our VM exports on Nexus.
Completed integrating Phase 2 WSUS export automation with cyber pipeline.
Figure out a better solution to the way we diagram our pipeline.  Using Gliffy instead
Demonstrated to Zaid how Bitbucket integrates with CI/CD (Jenkins). How to clone Bitbucket repo and push code.
March
3/6/23 - 3/10/23
Researching ACAS.  Connection with multiple people to figure out where to install it from.
Redrew Cyber Pipeline Diagram with Gliffy
Cyber Pipeline repository rework
1 on 1 meeting with Nathan F
3/13/23 - 3/16/23
NGS-Workplace Violence Prevention training
ACAS Installation
ACAS Configuration
Pipeline Test (Stage 1)
Pipeline Test (Stage 2)
Top Secret investigation interview
NGS-Workplace Violence Prevention training
3/20/23 - 3/24/23
Pipeline Rework
Created PowerPoint to help Zaid understand software process models / Agile / Scrum
Jira Kanban board migration to Sprint workflow 
Jira Scrum workflow setup
3/27/23 - 3/30/23
Finished Pipeline Rework
Reinstalled ACAS
Reconfigured ACAS
Keep in contact meeting with DI-27
April
4/3/23 - 4/7/23
Learning Python documentation tool called Sphinx
Jira Planning
Finished pipeline feature to match DSO file share structure to nexus file structure
Finished pipeline feature to implement Testing mode
Keith documentation tutorial.  Started learning about documentation with sphinx
Learning about Postgress DB
4/10/23 - 4/13/23
Got access to vscode cloud account on titan
--- Got fully set up with R-Team Sphinx repo and generated html / pdf documentation 
--- Meeting with Suzy Hellman regarding Jenkins, Sphinx ect...
Completed Test mode feature on cyber pipeline
Sphinx Video Tutorials
Pipeline export deliverables for 3.0.2
--- Investigation of PostgreSQL DB for cyber security (Meeting with Nick Bishop)
4/17/23 - 4/21/23
 Microsoft Azure Stack Hub training all week
4/24/23 - 4/27/23
Finished Sphinx Tutorial Videos
May
5/1/23 - 5/4/23
Introduced to Nexus Lifecycle
COTS Management: Working Identifying what COTS are installed on templates and verifying correct version numbers.
COTS Management: Working on identifying where COTS are installed form, the latest version, and vendor cadence. 
5/8/23 - 5/12/23
COTS Management: Finished Working on identifying where COTS are installed form, the latest version, and vendor cadence. 
Pipeline export deliverables for 3.0.3
Modified base templates to point to WSUS by default
Modified base templates to contain WSUS GPO force reporting script
--- Software Team meeting, talked about ASH, getting access
--- Got Ash account/access
5/15/23 - 5/18/23
Updated workday career profile.
--- Investigation uSDIN Scrub Program Information from Systems - DevSecOps Team
--- Follow Up with Nick Bishop Regarding Investigation of PostgreSQL DB for cyber security
5/22/23 - 5/25/23
Learning Ash
Ash ppt Creation
B-Team support for templates
Jean Marie All Hands Meeting (Awarded NG Coin)
Formulating a plan on how to approach the R-Team regarding offering cyber pipeline service
Received a Northrop Grumman Coin - at all hands meeting
5/29/23 - 6/2/23
Jira Planning, ticket preparation
--- R-Team cyber pipeline show case preparation
DevOps Happy Hour - Nathan F
Charge Number Guidance Restructuring
June
6/5/23 - 6/8/23
Jira Planning, created Jira stories on Software Team 
Cyber Pipeline Show Case To R-Team presentation prep
B-Team windows10 & server 2019 VMs with office13 installed for wsus patch verification.
Learning Fortify
Stood up a Windows Server 2022 machine at home, downloaded WSD & MDT to learn about those services
6/12/23 - 6/16/23
Met with Rodolfo Chen regarding fortify, got some good Insite from that meeting.
Alex Vu provided me fortify account access
Was able to copy the Win Server 2022 iso to the DSO file-share so it could be uploaded to vcenter
Got access to vcenter67.lab.local through mars.as.northgrum.com with the help from Denise. (vcenter67 is where Brian Orr stores his virtual machines, so if we need to access those later on, now we can).
Created 5 new tickets on R-Team Jira board:  Patch win 10, patch win srv 2022, deploy win 10, deploy win srv 2022, win src 2022 WSUS creation for R-TEAM
Also updated my status for the Fortify ticket on the Software Team board.
Investigated how to get Docker Installed on my machine to work with Fortify 
R-Team sprint planning with Team & other discussions
Worked with Aldo to identify the cause of Brian Orr's Win 10 failing to boot on vCenter
Installed R-Team WSUS on Windows Server 2022
Updated WSUS documentation
Software & R-Team standups
Jira Ticket refactoring
Helped Tony configure the WSUS
Keith OWASP Top 10 2021 discussion
Completed Mid-Year Review
Approved updates on WSUS
exported winrm templates for b-team, they will configure some scripts on it
WSUS setup completion
WSUS Approvals, WSUS Setup complete
Setting up PCS environment
Exporting winrm template to B-Team so they can upload scripts.
Fixed IP network switch issue with W10 *W2022 machines
Helped Tony and Aldo with GPO configuration
Finished setting up docker, vscode environment on dev machine
Debugging QQ and ZZ cert account issues with onebadge, may need IT help on Monday
6/19/23 - 6/22/23
Modified cyber pipeline to accommodate R-Team VMs
Exported R-Team Win 10 and Win Srv 2022 templates.
Fixed OneBadge ZZ * QQ Certs issue
Documented R-Team WSUS configuration on confluence
Updated COTS changelog on confluence
Delivered w10 and w2022 templates to Brian Orr
Got ZZ credentials on local computer
Installed WSL2 and Docker on local computer for fortify
Trying to debug errors with pull foritfy image on local computer
Solved issue with pulling fortify docker image.
Got access to PCS repo and cloned it on my local machine.
Debugging errors with building PCS Java Code for running fortify
Spent time refining fortify rulepack investigation.
Completed 2 code reviews regarding updated ansible COTS versions
Investigating Rulepacks & fortify demo
Fixing bug in cyber pipeline with DNS naming issue
Patching Win10 and WinSrv2019 for B-Team release
6/26/23 - 6/30/23
Updating fortify documentation
itrip vacation input for September 6th (Wed) - September 17th (Sun)
Keith Fortify Walkthrough
Updating Jira ticket statuses
Researching Fortify Jira plug in for bug tracking
Researching Fortify Automated Auditing and more
Testing Fortify CI/CD yml/scripts from DevSecOps on private repo
Debugging CI issues with Kyle Soto
Investigating how SSC handles artifacts and reports.
July
7/3/23 - 7/6/23
Fortify Investigation & Updating Documentation
Red Hat Satellite tracking down POC
Fortify Instigation
R-Team ticket planning
Generated scans and reports with Fotify on the following software team repos:
payload-core-service-impls
payload-core-service-apis
Cameo CMDB Import tools
pdf-generator
pom-walker
Note: still several more to scan
Identified software team repos and identified the ones that don't need a scan. 
7/10/23 - 7/14/23
Scanned the following software team repos with fortify.
izpack
jms-spy
multi-tenant
observability
pub-sub-client
dcs-client
dcs-server-stub
dcs-sftp-service
dcs-streaming-service
cmbd-loader-main
mpeg-ts-relay
mpeg-ts-streamer
There are still more repos to be scanned. (Around 6 or 7)
Scanned the remaining software team repos with fortify.
cmdb-regression-tests
cmdb-service
cmdb-tools
cmdb-web
footer-plugin
automation
cameo-runner
Created new ticket for analyzing fortify reports and started working on it. 
Analyzed software repos.
Keeping track of findings on an excel spreadsheet.
Worked with Aldo to determine best approach for updating cots on wsus
Introduced the technical steps of the pipeline to Dom
Approved updates on WSUS and connected client machines
Patched client machines
Continued working on fortify vulnerability investigation.
Template patching and template patch office 2013 verification
Identified developers for fortify scans to remediate vulnerabilities. 
7/17/23 - 7/20/23
Completed Fortify Scan Results Analysis & Developer Tracking
Helped Tony work around issue with ACAS Nessus scanning.
Approved MS patches on WS22 R-team WSUS
Patched R-Team WS22
Recreated R-Team WSUS with smaller disk size
Exported R-Team WSUS
Exported R-Team WS22
Delivered B-Team templates.
Found work around in regards to exporting wsus to minio
delivered wsus and win srv 2022
Scanned izpack-unpacker
Created Jira tickets for remediating vulnerabilities on software repos
Create Software Jira Tickets for vulnerability remediation
Create DevSecOps Jira Tickets to improve cyber pipeline
Documenting ACAS Installation
7/24/23 - 7/28/23
Acas Install documentation.
Updating Jira tickets
Software team Jira ticketing
Debugging ACAS issues with Tony
Completed ACAS Installation Documentation ticket.
Scanned the new camel-routing-services repository with Fortify. (Only 1 low vulnerability found)
Edited a couple Jira tickets on software team board for a more accurate description.
Jira ticket planning for the R-Team
Formulated a plan to make exporting more efficient using minio
Began working on cyber pipeline feature to export to minio
Cyber Pipeline feature to export to minio
Researching a lot of networking stuff to mount minio with RHEL GitLab runner.
Implementing minio export location for pipeline
Implementing Fortify CI pipeline for automation repo.
7/31/23 - 8/3/23
Helped Micheal with vCenter and SCAP.
Adding fortify CI pipeline to automation repo.
Successfully integrated fortify CI with "automation" software repo.
Investigating discrepancies between manual and automated scan results
August
8/7/23 - 8/11/23
Completed download compare pluging for notepad++ and uploaded it to Nexus
ACAS Configuration documentation
Rescanned camel-router-service repo with Fortify 
Created merge request for Fortify-ci work on automation repo
ACAS Configuration Documentation
Synchronizing and approving updates on WSUS
Updated b-team templates
Delivered b-team templates
working on minio ticket
Networking research & outreach
Assisted Michael on scanning wsus
Completed ACAS Configuration Documentation
8/14/23 - 8/17/23
R-Team WSUS Approvals
Updated WS22 client machine with WSUS
Started jms repo CI fortify automation
Updated Jira ticket statuses
Demoed automation CI to software team
Investigating B-Team configuration ideas
Added fortify automation code to jms repo
Exported R-Team deliverables to nexus & dso file share (Not minio yet)
Worked on exporting deliverables as iso ticket
improved CI pipeline for jms-spy
Investigated bug with pipeline failure with fortify quality gate
Investigated fortify report and fortify ssc discrepancies
Rescanned jms-spy and verified vulnerabilities have been remediated 
Updated Rb software Jira tickets 
Completed fortify-quality-gate CI
Added new fortify CI to automation repo
Verified that vulnerabilities have been remediated on cmdb-tools
Code Reviews
Independent scanning of cmdb-tools and automation repo
Debugging discrepancies between local and automation scans.
8/21/23 - 8/25/23
Verified cmdb-service repo for remediation of vulnerabilities. 
Verified automation repo for remediation of vulnerabilities. 
Verified izpack-unpacker repo for remediation of vulnerabilities. 
Added fortify CI Pipeline to automation repo
Added fortify CI Pipeline to cmdb-tools repo
Peer Reviewed all of Zack's merge requests
Added CI automation to cmdb-tools
Completed Documentation on remediated vulnerabilities.
Jira ticket updates
Working on minio ticket
Jira Ticketing
Completed Export artifacts as iso for cyber pipeline ticket
Fixed bug with Fortify container causing all pipelines to fail
Configuration on vm base templates
Fixed fortify report naming bug in ci code
finished template configuration
8/28/23 - 8/31/23
Software Team Demo / Sprint Planning
Documenting new RB Software repos status for Fortify Scanning
minio pipeline integration 
had meeting with Tim for guidance on how to approach this
Downloaded and Installed Minio API CLI tool
Configuring gitlab runner to connect to minio using MC
Analyzing R-Team COTS list
Connecting gitlab runner to minio via API
Jira Planning
Investigating if possible to automate network adapter removal b-team deliverables
Connection gitlab runner to minio via API
Investigated how titan and samba server are hosted
Fixed format issue with setting mc alias
Added titan domain to trusted DNS hosts
Tried to obtain SSL certificate for titain domain on gitlab runner using openSSL
September
9/4/23 - 9/8/23
Documented some minio client api setup steps on confluence
Completed Elevated Privilege Account Holder Training
Completed Create script to Disable IPv6 on the templates
Completed Modify Cyber Pipeline to CI Run Disable IPv6 script
Completed Cybersecurity - Track COTS installers for WSUS, WS19, W10
Completed Cybersecurity - Consolidate Windows COTS List
Completed Prepare documentation, videos, links ect.. to onboard Tan Le with Fortify
Completed Upload COTS Installers to Nexus
RHEL/ Windows discussion 
Minio api ticket 
Onboarding Tan, getting him familiar with Fortify audit process
Working through example of scanning repos
Adding CI files
Integrating CI files
Documentation Process
Demonstrating where to drop the report
9/11/23 - 9/14/23
9/18/23 - 9/22/23
R-Team: Zipped up Cygwin Files (COTS) and uploaded to Nexus
R-Team: Copied over new WS22 baseline to file share, verified hashes, uploaded new baseline to vCenter
R-Team: Configured WS22 baseline, Create VM & base template
R-Team: Synchronized and approved WSUS updates
B-Team: Synchronized and approved WSUS updates
B-Team: Ran ansible pipeline to install new COTS on templates and verified COTS versions
B-Team: Patched W10 and WS19 templates with WSUS
Stood up R-Team WSUS on new WS22 media
Delivered B-Team WSUS, WS19, and W10
Figuring out how to install Cygwin 
Helping Tan with fortify CI bug
Work on figuring out how to export the deliverables as a WIM
R-Team Win 10:
Patched with WSUS
Exported
Converted to wim
R-Team Win Srv 2022:
Patched with WSUS
Exported
R-Team WSUS:
Patched
9/25/23 - 9/28/23
Helped Tan with fortify bugs
Cleaned up vCenter and Nexus
Worked on new pipeline feature to remove the network adapter before export
Pipeline feature to remove network adapter from VM before exporting
Pipeline feature to remove network adapter from VM before exporting
Adding feature to remove network adapter from vm before exportation
October
10/2/23 - 2/6/23
Completed pipeline feature to remove network adapter from vm templates
Setting up Ansible Environment
Fixed RHEL 8 vm logging in issue
Create python virtual environment
Downloaded ansible
Created 3 test machines for w10, w19, w22
Successfully test out simple playbook
Learning ansible
Creating stigs for windows server 22
Assisted Jonathan wtih setting up ansible environment and esxi test image on vCenter
Helped Tan with fortify questions
Completed 22 windows 22 stigs
Complete WS22 ansible STIGS
Organized ansible structure for windows roles, adobe, and firefox
created playbook
added ansible conditions to detect OS
Added descriptive tweaks
10/9/23 - 10/12/23
Setting up RHEL dev environment for stigs
Configured RHEL to pull from Nexus, access to EPEL package repo
Installed Redis
Installed PostgreSQL on database vm
Synchronized and Approved Updates on b-team wsus
Patched templates
Installed Mongodb ok RHEL test machine for stigs
Updating tickets, charge numbers, other misc tasks
Fixing credential issue with Brian Orr's DSO account
Jira Planning, task ticket breakdown
Changing B-Team export location on cyber pipeline
10/16/23 - 10/20/23
Connected ansible with DB Test VM
Tested copying file
Re-evaluated R-Team WSUS product updates, synchronized updates
Mostly finished modifying cyber pipeline to export to r-team windows folder
Helped Tony debug domain controller problem. Successfully connected windows machine to DC
Created new windows 10 base line
Patched win 10 baseline
Patched win 22 and 19
Debug issue with ansible pipeline regarding winrm
Delivered W10 to R-Team with window media player fix
Installed COTS on W22 and W10
Patched W22
[R-Team] Delivery of WS19
[R-Team] Delivery of WS22
[R-Team] Delivery of WSUS
Helping Tan with some bugs
Updating pipeline documentation

Updating ws19/22 baseline configuration 

10/23/23 - 10/26/23
Updating confluence documentation
Familiarizing with scap
updating naming convention for vms on vsphere
Scap scanning r-team windows 10
Addressing Brian Orr's feedback
Update Scap documentation on confluence
meetings, getting clarification
cyber pipeline documentation
updating naming convention on vsphere
10/30/23 - 11/3/23
Fixed proxy bug on rhel sandbox
cleaned out vms on vsphere
implemented new naming convention for templates on vsphere
Completed uploading all wims to nexus
Created a new vm for the windows gitlab runner for wim automation
installed quem
connected to dso file-share
Installed gitlab runner software on windows 10
Added tls certificate, fixed bug with gitlab runner token
Created new pipeline convert repo for wim conversion
Updating naming convension for b-team templates and pipeline variables
Mapped network drive to r-team windows gitlab runner
Working with docker, getting familiar with docker commands
Getting familiar with docker
pulling images from nexus
creating containers
pulled mongodb image
installed mongo compass, connected to container, added data
attaching to containers in interactive mode
Docker demo for Tony, Aldo, and Tan
Getting familiar with docker files
Docker file demo to Tony, Tan
Helping Tony with ACAS issues
November
11/6/23 - 11/9/23
Pulled postgresql docker image 14.2.0 from nexus
Explored container, understanding how postgres docker container works
Researched the stigs to be implemented
Researched different approaches of implementation
Implemented one approach, in the process of testing it out
Installed PgAdmin (GUI tool to connect to postgress and create tables)
Docker postgres database stig implementation and testing
stigging postgress
r-team connecting gitlab runner to convert pipeline
r-team implementing wim automation functionality
Worked in implementing wim automation on the pipeline converter repo
11/13/23 - 11/17/23
Standup Pipeline for WIM conversion-HW R. Sprint 10
Implement VDMK to WIM conversion on Pipeline-HW R. Sprint 10
Updating COTS for b-team
Implement VDMK to WIM conversion on Pipeline-HW R. Sprint 10
Fixing winrm connection issue with pipeline
Implement VDMK to WIM conversion on Pipeline-HW R. Sprint 10
Fixing ansible pipeline winrm issues
Fixing ansible pipeline ssl/tls nexus issues
Updating adobe cots
11/20/23 - 11/22/23
Deliver of Win10, Win19, WSUS templates to b-team
Implement VMDK to WIM conversion automation pipeline
Creating vmware workstation pro ansible role
11/27/23 - 12/1/23
Cygwin Ansible implementation
Working on B-Team Template Delivery
Working on R-Team Template Delivery
Scanning b-team templates
Remediating some vulnerabilities on windows 10 machine
Making ansible roles for CAT II
Scanning b-team templates
Delivering b-team templates
Pipeline Maintenace 
Patching and Delivery of R-Team templates
R-team win conversion for templates
R-team upload templates to nexus
December
12/4/23 - 12/7/23
Completed R-Team windows  template delivery
Sprint panning 
Tuning up Pipeline-Convert to support multiple jobs
Investigating source of new windows templates
Tune Up Pipeline-Convert to handle multiple jobs. DEC - Sprint 10
Helping Aldo with docker container testing for VY

Testing new Windows ISOs from Brian Orr

pipeline-convert tune up to handle multiple jobs

testing new windows server 2019 os

12/11/23 - 12/15/23
Completed pipeline-convert tuning
Cyber RD1.0 Verify the STIGs Implementation of DB Redis. Sprint 10
Cybersecurity - Investigate / Implement TLS Certificate-Based authentication between RHEL gitlab-runner and Windows templates - Dec - Sprint 10
Some training on windows template process to Michael
Investigate / Implement TLS Certificate-Based authentication between RHEL gitlab-runner and Windows templates - Dec - Sprint 10
Helping Michael with delving QRTC template
Cyber RD1.0 Verify the STIGs Implementation of DB Redis. Sprint 10
Cybersecurity - Investigate a solution for CAT II STIGS reverting at boot time - Dec - Sprint 10
Completed Investigate / Implement TLS Certificate-Based authentication between RHEL gitlab-runner and Windows templates - Dec - Sprint 10
Tested with SCAP that the critical winrm stig is closed
12/18/23 - 12/21/23
Verifying stigs for redis with mark lee
Delivery of b-team templates
Delivery of r-team templates
12/25/23 - 12/29/23
Holiday Shutdown
